You may also want to include anything else you would
like to communicate to the grader such as extra functionalities you
implemented or how you tried to fix your non-working code.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

  - Dani Dassum
  - dd3007
  - lab1
  - part1:
  - part 2:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Please answer the academic honesty questions.

[1] NO, since the tutor did not specifically told me the solutions, but
rather, hinted at what might be causing the errors so I could figure them
out on my own.

[2] YES, but to your learning, as it's not represented in the code. Your
friend has robbed you of the intellectual opportunity of figuring out your
error on your own, and learning from it.

[3] YES, because even if you do not consult them, you already had an
advantage over your classmates: to have the peace of mind and actual
possibility to consult the code if the situation was not optimal.

[4]

[a] NO, because you are just discussing lecture material, and this might
actually be beneficial not only for your friend, but for you, since you
understand concepts better by being able to explain them.

[b] YES, but only if you are actually describing the solution. If you are
not being that accurate, but rather, try to build a scheme of how things
could work out and you discuss it together, it is acceptable because you can
always implement it differently, and would still have to debug.

[c] NO, this is, in fact, great. It asks you to think further about the
assignments and you can actually get more from the labs if you looked back
and reflected on what you were intended to get from them and what you got
from them.

[5] YES, but only if you purposely winded up in that website and looked at
the code knowing it was the full solution to your code. However, if you peak
at a solution by accident (maybe looking for something else instead), or if
the solution is rather just a small portion, more of a supplementary code
for one of the working parts in your solution, then this would not be
considered cheating.

[6] NO, I think it's valid to use available resources to support you in your
learning. In this case, although we are encouraged to learn things on our
own, I consider it is valid to learn about the nature of the errors in order
to solve them, and this should be expected from us for the debugging
process.

[7] YES, because you peaked at another person's code and this made you think
a certain way about how to go about the code. As a beginner, if you peak at
another person's code, you'll likely end up writing something extremely
similar.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@ -25,12 +78,12 @@ Part 0
Please write your answers after [ANSWER] on the same line.  Our auto-grading
script will look for lines that contain [ANSWER].

[0.1][ANSWER] git init

[0.2][ANSWER] (C) git clone

[0.3][ANSWER] git checkout -- filename

[0.4][ANSWER] git reset HEAD filename, git checkout -- filename
